{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform1{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 It had been a long and lovely day at the beach. The two young women had spent hours there, under Mitsuru\'92s gigantic umbrella, sharing beers lazily and napping together. Very calm, little stress... exactly what both of them needed: a break from reality.\
Now, the two women sit in Mitsuru\'92s industrial and expensive car, listening to music from each of their tastes.\
\'93Yeah, well, I\'92ve been a fan of Kate Bush since college,\'94 says Mitsuru as she gestures to the glove compartment passively while keeping her eyes on the road, \'93In there, her and Prokofiev.\'94\
\'93Eclectic and suitably pretentious,\'94 mocks Yukari from the passenger seat, not directly looking at her. \'93I think I\'92ll make the executive decision on what to play from my own tastes. We\'92re going Gaga,\'94 she smirks, \'93And then Brittany.\'94\
Mitsuru chuckles, \'93the aux is yours to do with as you please, Yukari.\'94\
Yukari doesn\'92t blush the way she had before, but warmth spreads through her chest when she hears her name in Mitsuru\'92s dark voice.\
And so the two women listen to Gaga and Brittany and Madonna and other blonde, small popstars for a few half-hours. But eventually they get tired of driving and Mitsuru says, \'93I need a break,\'94 when they come across a small alcove they can get off at and stretch their legs at and observe their surroundings at.\
\'93It\'92s cute, this view,\'94 says Yukari as she stretches her arms above her head, her one hand in the other and her upper arms hugged against her ears.\
The two stare out at a mountainous sight, Mitsuru nods, and then she goes to open the trunk of the expensive industrial car.\
\'93Want a seltzer?\'94 She says to the other woman, \'93We have other snacks, some cheese and bread, wine...\'94\
\'93Well then, we couldn\'92t drive, could we?\'94 Teases Yukari, her eyebrow also raised, as she stalks over next to Mitsuru with her hands on her hips, \'93we\'92d just be trapped here, in this alcove...\'94 and then she blushes, \'93hmm.\'94 She can\'92t finish her thought out loud. In her head she thinks, 
\f1\i why, there\'92s no place i\'92d rather be. No time in the world i\'92d rather be spending than with Mitsuru Kirijo the empress, in the back of her giant car, in a beautiful mountainous area, completely alone.
\f0\i0 \
But Yukari\'92s reality doesn\'92t match this, instead she\'92s nervously staring at her hands she has since removed from her hips as she watches Mitsuru Kirijo rifle through the bag of foods in the back of her gigantic, industrial car.\
\'93I need to stretch out,\'94 says Mitsuru. Yukari takes Mitsuru\'92s place among the bags and then sits on the ledge of the back of the car with the trunk open to the world. They are on a highway-like road, but few people putter along in their cars, fewer notice the two women tucked away upon the alcove.\
Mitsuru stretches her body, she salutes the sun and then goes into warrior pose. Yukari watches the arc of Mitsuru\'92s back guide the rest of her body, from her tailbone to the tip of her head she stretches in practiced, calming motion. The field of grass decorating the alcove frames Mitsuru\'92s exercise and she looks like a ruminating ancient warrior, bathing in the sun while she prepares to move onward.\
In Mitsuru\'92s hand, though, is the bottle of wine from the car. Yukari had not noticed this until this moment, because in this moment Mitsuru stops moving and stretching her body, Yukari had seen the bottle as an extension of Mitsuru\'92s practice, Mitsuru opens the bottle, brings it to her lips, and then quickly takes a swig from it.\
\'93Hey! What are you doing?\'94 Asks Yukari from her back ledge on the car.\
\'93It\'92s break time.\'94\
\'93So am I driving the rest back?\'94\
\'93Yeah, I guess so,\'94 says Mitsuru, slightly with a bubble and then she turns around to Yukari and says, \'93unless you want some as well?\'94\
\'93How could we get back?\'94 Yukari frowns.\
\'93We could...\'94 Mitsuru looks to the ground as she brings the wine bottle back to her lips, \'93we could camp out, maybe.\'94\
}