{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Bloodletting is the first case in Investigation Technocraft.\
A body is found tied up in a sex chair in the sex dungeon, Carnation Somatic, its extremities sliced down, his organs hanging out, motifs of the wraps of the chair show themselves in his hanging organs. This is the body of Curtis Wrecht, a prominent architect of Technocraft city, who is connected to the city council board of urban planning and is connected to Robert Moses in terms of being absolutely fucking cursed. Klygore Victoria comes from one of the neighborhoods directly hurt by Wrecht\'92s industrial planning, it having been turned into a sewage disposal for the super wealthy after he came into power. There\'92s a potent dichotomy of him wanting to dominate Technocraft with his artistic vision for the world while wanting to be dominated by the woman who is accused of killing him: Elsbeth Anchlor, one of the city\'92s most prominent dominatrixes for hire. Elsbeth is an active member of the queer scene in Technocraft and is friends with Bianca Telluride, one of our protagonists. She comes to Carpal PI for help when she learns that she\'92s been accused of murder of this man.\
A list of the people involved that will be interviewed in this case:\
	-Curtis Wrecht\'85 our victim, found tied up in the Carnation Somatic, architect in charge of urban planning, natural socialite, flowed wherever his body took him\
	-Elsbeth Anchlor\'85 the primary suspect, the woman who has hired you to clear her name, a dominatrix beloved by most in the underbelly.\
	-Ilona Wrecht\'85 Curtis\'92 wife, a woman of the upper class, a neurosurgeon, brash at parties and not usually the \'93ideal woman\'94 in social situations, had lovers on the side as well\
	-Das Headrow\'85 man connected with Curtis on city council, director of treasury or something, secret patron of vagueist propaganda movement\
	-Maula Carta\'85 the bartender who knows Carnation Somatic and other underbelly business well, is friends with Klygore from highschool, member of the Carta Clan but tends to avoid its business unless there are very intense wars going on.\
	-Zyborg Yalta\'85 A local vigilante who pretends to work for \'93the government\'94 but is actually a bit of a self-induced justice sociopath. Knows Maula Carta, endorsed by Das Headrow as a member of the vagueist movement. He is a personal concubine to Das as well and close friends with Elsbeth, sometimes works as a special aid/guard at the Carnation Somatic\
\
\
\
How did the murderer get into the BDSM room that Curtis Wrecht was in if it wasn\'92t Elsbeth? If Elsbeth was there, how did they sneak past her without her noticing?}