{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform1{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0     image mLivingroom = "MitsuruLivingroom.png"\
    image mBedroom = "MitsuruBedroom.png"\
    show mLivingroom\
    nar "..."\
    nar "Mitsuru Kirijo's living room. Her sense of luxury has changed a bit since she's started college."\
    nar "My guess is because she's now renting and doesn't want to settle any roots too easily, even with her almost infinite budget."\
    # This ends the game.\
    show mSUMnorm:\
        xalign 0.25\
        yalign 0.7\
    nar "It's her."\
    nar "The heiress."\
\
\
Mitsuru prepares to have Yukari in her apartment. She quickly moves around the living room, trying to find anything out of order that would turn the other woman off. She still owns the large mansion property that she used to live in, she thinks that it\'92s important to keep in service the people who had been working there, but she has one maid that she was very closed to as a child to come clean her apartment. Mitsuru sort of wants to sell the house but has not yet found the heart, she can\'92t really see what her life will look like and find necessary in the future\'85 many small apartments? One grandiose estate? If she is alone for a long time, why would she get more space than she would need?These questions filt through Mitsuru Kirijo\'92s head, until she hears a buzz come from her audio entrance box. \
\'93I\'92m buzzing you in now,\'94 says Mitsuru. Her voice is stern and neutral, but mentally she\'92s running amok with her prior internal monolith of processes. She looks around the living room again for something to tidy, but oh too soon is there a knock knock knock on the door in front of her.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 She takes a deep breath and opens it, she plasters a smile on her face, \'93Yukari!\'94\
\'93Heya!\'94 says Yukari as she goes in for a friendly hug. Mitsuru\'92s heart beats through her neck as she feels Yukari\'92s skin against hers, but in seconds the hug cedes and the feeling passes.\
\'93Please, come in,\'94 says Mitsuru as she motions to the living room behind her.\
\'93Your style has changed a bit,\'94 says Yukari, \'93more modern-generic-luxury instead of princess-of-france.\'94\
Mitsuru raises an eyebrow, \'93I resent you a bit for saying that,\'94 she looks at the grandiose space, \'93I\'92m really just renting. This isn\'92t permanent... I know it\'92s cliche.\'94\
Yukari doesn\'92t respond for a few beats, instead she enters according to the arc of Mitsuru\'92s arm, couches down in front of the television and says, \'93so what are we watching?\'94 A smile takes her face the entirety of the motion.\
Mitsuru tries to respond, \'93I\'92m not a giant movie buff, but I have some horror stuff, some comedy...\'94\
Yukari thumbs through the dvds on the TV mantle and reads them aloud, \'93Silence of The Lambs, Hackers, Forrest Gump, Pulp Fiction,\'94 she turns around and questions, \'93do you only have stuff from twenty years ago?\'94\
\'93It\'92s what was in the mansion, what I took with me in the move,\'94 Mitsuru is now on the couch, looking through the nail polish and face mask deliverables she\'92d displayed, \'93more my father\'92s taste.\'94\
Again, Yukari skips a beat in dialogue, instead she turns around and quickly picks out a movie, \'93okay, well if this is going to be a fun girls night movie night, we\'92re watching Hackers. All these other options are really creepy.\'94\
Mitsuru looks up with a smile and says, \'93sounds lovely.\'94\
\
As Hackers plays in the background, the two women shake their bottles of nail polish. Yukari picks out a lime green and Mitsuru a deep red.\
\'93I thought you\'92d pick pink,\'94 Mitsuru questions.\
\'93Yeah, well, I thought I could change it up,\'94 Yukari answers.\
Mitsuru says nothing for a little as the two brush their nails with the color and as the movie continues filling the noise, but internally her mind is rushing for questions to ask. Yukari\'92s does as well. Eventually Mitsuru settles on saying, \'93so do you have a boyfriend?\'94\
Internally, Yukari is taken aback when she says this, but she just laughs and says, \'93oh, there are constantly boys chasing after me. I feel like I\'92ve never had a chance to not be thinking about them,\'94 she pauses staring intently at her drying nails and then says, \'93but no, not right now.\'94\
\'93I thought they were all over you, I remember that from high school.\'94\
\'93I never dated anyone, I haven\'92t even-\'93 and then Yukari\'92s brow furrows at dampened memories. She quickly changes the conversation, \'93did you ever get married off at the behest of the Kirijo group?\'94\
Mitsuru laughs dry but deep, \'93hah!\'94\
She looks up to Yukari and says, \'93I see no man skulking around this apartment. Who could even make me marry now? My father? My own sense of obligation?\'94 She rolls her eyes.\
Yukari smiles coyly, \'93what a strong and quick reaction, Senpai.\'94\
\'93Takeba-san, why do you still call me Senpai? We don\'92t go to school together anymore,\'94 she sighs and stretches back, \'93I now am just a woman that\'92s one year older than you.\'94\
\'93Why do you call me Takeba-san?\'94 Pelts Yukari back, \'93Didn\'92t you used to address me by my first name?\'94\
Mitsuru takes a second to situate her thoughts. She watches the movie now, at least with her eyes.\
\'93Yes, I guess I did used to call you Yukari.\'94\
Yukari blushes at the sound of her name. She looks at Mitsuru and then at the popcorn between them. She points at it and says, \'93do you want some? Or can I have the bowl in my lap?\'94\
\'93Go ahead, take it.\'94\
But then after a few seconds, with the bowl in Yukari\'92s lap, Mitsuru says, \'93actually, I really want some now,\'94 and she reaches over to the bowl.\
Yukari blushes at the closeness, but she says, \'93It seems like you know how to eat our normal peoples\'92 food now. Popcorn... with your hands!\'94\
\'93Yes, It seems I do,\'94 says Mitsuru with a tint of sadness.}