{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Name: Bianca Telluride\
Hobbies: Hacking, gardening, caretaking animals(specifically the concept of rabbits/bunnies\'85 in this future there are no animals but people are fighting constantly to remind the rest of the world they used to exist and that humans like\'85 got rid of them), fighting games, rhythm games, any twich-timing shit, smoking tobacco,  moderating forums\
From: The suburbs of Technocraft city, the tristate area (this could probably have a name\'85 maybe a small town on the coast that\'92s sort of revolving around high-profile workers in big businesses, similar to the energy of big pharma in new jersey?)\
Religion:  a descendent of contemporary hinduism, he engages in the cultural practices but has weird feelings about religion\'85 maybe he warships the \'93cyber god\'85\'94 we\'92ll get there eventually\
Gender: man, genderfluid, any pronouns, most people don\'92t know how to approach bianca\'92s gender and default to \'93he\'94\
Height: 6\'923\
Hair: dark black, sort of like Dale Cooper\'92s when his hair does That\
Build: muscular, strong, while sort of feminine for a male build (busty? Does that apply?), can tower but can also be demure, depends if he\'92s sitting or standing and on who he\'92s with, what he\'92s wearing.\
Visual Description: Bianca keeps a light stubble along his jaw and the threat of a mustache above his upper lip, enough to stroke, enough to intimidate, not enough to scream of masc. Usually draped upon his broad shoulders is his leather trenchcoat, an heirloom from days before, passed down. It\'92s embossed with little intricate patterns that are common in his family\'92s culture. He likes to wear skirts that rise above his knee. In Technocraft, fashion like this is a little domineering towards people who are \'93conventional,\'94 but most can\'92t recognize one another on the street anyway, in terms of gender or other forms of presentation, so when Bianca is around people, who are usually friendly with him, he gets few comments other than, \'93oh, that\'92s a pretty skirt!\'94 His skirts would probably be like pleated but made from silk or something. I\'92d want him to wear black leggings or tights underneath, just because I feel like having skin exposed in Technocraft is dangerous in terms of like \'93the gasses seeping in\'94 or something along those lines. He\'92d probably wear a turtleneck or something elegant like that under his long jacket, maybe a reddish-purple one.\
Desc list: flakey, reliable, lustrous, elegant, pointed, impatient, intelligent, theatrical, masculine, arete, mysterious, intense\
Mask: part purple, part blueish-green. the purple part is reminiscent of a motherboard of a computer and the blueish-green part is sort of similar to the scales of a lizard or the feathers of a peacock. Think the phantom of the opera mask, where the part that exists is like the peacock/lizard part and the part that doesn\'92t is the purple motherboard part.}