{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0     image mLivingroom = "MitsuruLivingroom.png"\
    image mBedroom = "MitsuruBedroom.png"\
    show mLivingroom\
    nar "..."\
    nar "Mitsuru Kirijo's living room. Her sense of luxury has changed a bit since she's started college."\
    nar "My guess is because she's now renting and doesn't want to settle any roots too easily, even with her almost infinite budget."\
    # This ends the game.\
    show mSUMnorm:\
        xalign 0.25\
        yalign 0.7\
    nar "It's her."\
    nar "The heiress."\
\
\
Mitsuru prepares to have Yukari in her apartment. She quickly moves around the living room, trying to find anything out of order that would turn the other woman off. She still owns the property that she used to live in, she thinks that it\'92s important to keep in service the people who had been working there, but she has one maid that she was very closed to as a child to come clean her apartment. Mitsuru sort of wants to sell the house but has not yet found the heart, she can\'92t really see what her life will look like and find necessary in the future\'85 many small apartments? One grandiose estate? If she is alone for a long time, why would she get more space than she would need? Would she ever find someone to share both her life and her space with? These questions filt through Mitsuru Kirijo\'92s head, until she hears a buzz come from her audio entrance box. \
\'93I\'92m buzzing you in now,\'94 says Mitsuru. Her voice is stern and neutral, but her head is buzzing amok with her prior internal monolith of processes.}