{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Name: Klygore Victoria\
Hobbies: you\'92d see her at burning man, juggalo culture, noir novels, boxing, riding her motorcycle, psychedelics, weird encounters, she knows a lot about auto repair, her day job is working in an auto repair shop, she loves rigging out cars and motorbikes, she moderates and participates Bianca\'92s forums sometimes, conspiracy theories, editing clothing\
From: The slugs of technocraft, the equivalent of coney island in brooklyn. There are all sorts of micro-communities around this area that Klygore has grown up surrounded by her entire life, all sorts of people from different backgrounds\'85 what unites them, though, is their financial separation from the center of Technocraft, and the vibrant culture that exists away from it. Ultimately, the people are normal and trying to survive.\
Religion: Klygore is a member of her local community of some religion based around empathy and transferring emotional data. Her parents were into it when she was young in terms of a community way but she got more intense into the mysticism/kabbalah energy of it as she got older.\
Gender: woman, sort of cis, she/?, feels weird about gender, feels subjugated and patronized and tired\
Height: 5\'928\
Hair: long (to under her shoulder blades?), blond, wavy\'85 a mane, Aslan, territorial. When she takes off her motorcycle helmet it falls out like a breaking waterfall. She pulls it back to work on cars, she has chunky, uneven bangs. Maybe Kate Bush\'92s lionheart poof is a good example.\
Build: muscular from how much she does physical labor but not naturally, averagely busty? And proud of how she\'92s shaped, muscular along her arms and legs, you could punch her stomach and it would hurt your hand. Her shoulders would look awesome in a strapless dress.\
Visual Description: Klygore loves her aviators that her older brother gave her. She wears a sort of construction worker\'92s bomber jacket (bigger than a bomber jacket) that\'92s synthetic and like indestructible, she calls it her \'93biker armor\'94 sort of the way bikers approach leather products. She wears black jeans that have been ripped over the years, she patches them up herself with pieces of flannel, she\'92s also sewn flannel into the interior of her pants in order to make them warmer (a strange conglomeration of fabric). She wears heavy boots similar to tims, work boots, with steel toes\'85 boots that could easily kick a man if she just moved her leg too suddenly. Under her bomber jacket she wears a tight black under-armor-esque shirt, she wears it to seal in warmth. And on top of that she wears a bag-like tshirt that she tucks into the top of her pants. She has a leather belt that\'92s special to her that\'92s been passed through her family.\
Desc list: vibrant, loud, gregarious, gut punch, wink, smolder, exhausted, empathy, loquacious, punk, messy, lonely\
Mask: oni horns that meld into satyr/bacchus horns, the mask is boulder-like, sort of similar curves to Ryuji\'92s from P5. It has red swirls on its cheeks, think Calliope from HS but red. The base of the mask is black and has these red accents on its cheeks, on the horns, on any important point. It also has a tuft of goat hair coming from the bottom that looks like a beard.}