{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform1{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Another circumstance where Yukari pleads to focus for Anthropology. She is in it, among the student body, in a hall filled with corpus listening intently to the lecture at hand. \
But Yukari\'92s distraction is pulled out of her and into the open by her ADHD. She\'92s struggled with it her entire life, and even into adulthood it hasn\'92t lessened its grip on her ability to care about things that aren\'92t directly connected to her dreams and inspirations. Although, with Anthro, she is able to find some part of interest in it: she can gain inspiration and perspective on the ways different people have lived and insert that into her acting practice.\
Another thing distracts her, though, and it isn\'92t just the call of her ADHD from outside the window. It is her phone, which she would usually put away during class to maximize success in the class, but of which she has been unable to put away because in the beginning of class, she got a text from a woman she has been thinking about more than ever recently: Mitsuru Kirijo.\
Mitsuru: Anyway, that\'92s what I was thinking about the concept of Habeas Corpus. Do You follow?\
Yukari: totally! Lol\
She does not follow, not really. She\'92s always been a few mental paces behind the Mitsuru Kirjo, as has every other person she\'92s known along her path of intersection with her. Akihiko was the only one really ever able to keep up with Kirijo, him and....\
And then suddenly Yukari\'92s brain lurches at the thought of Minako Arisato, her deceased peer.\
She pushes Minako\'92s bright cadence deep down under. Instead, she continues her text conversation with Mitsuru Kirijo, the big bright woman who has quickly re-entered and usurped most of Yukari\'92s thought processes.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Yukari: what r u up to rn?\
Mitsuru: I\'92m at the grocery. Cannot decide what will constitute dinner.\
Mitsuru: It\'92s taken a lot of practice for me to conquer cooking,\
Only Mitsuru could describe such an everyman\'92s necessity in a way like that.\
Yukari smiles and giggles a little, muffled, though, because she doesn\'92t want her peers or professor to think she\'92s a weirdo incapable of self control.\
Yukari: funny way to describe that\
Yukari: maybe scary, maybe not funny\
There\'92s a pause and a lull as Yukari watches the three response dots plot their course.\
Mitsuru: Oh, my bad.\
Mitsuru: Maybe I\'92ll take a less miltaristic approach to my interactions with the daily gruel of adulthood. \
This irks Yukari a little, she is reminded of the affluent childhood that Mitsuru had. But then she remembers that Mitsuru is also an orphan, and that she has a responsibility that most couldn\'92t fathom. And then she thinks about interacting with Mitsuru in high school, how they used to be such nemesis... what changed?\
Yukari: hey senpai?\
Dot dot dot\
Mitsuru: Yes, Yukari?\
Yukari: at what point do you think\
Yukari: we became friends?\
For a long time, the bubble pulses. Anthropology drones under Yukari\'92s forefront of focus.\
Mitsuru: I believe it was gradual, as with any friendship.\
Mitsuru: But the moment I knew you were important to me, was when you supported me with my father.\
An image of Mitsuru flashes through Yukari\'92s mind: the empress. She is powerful she is the matron, she uses her rapier to pierce and clash through shadows and turmoil. Artemisia!\
Mitsuru: I knew in that moment that I owed and wanted your companionship.\
Yukari blushes at this. She thinks about Mitsuru\'92s tendency to intensify and escalate every single interaction. For Mitsuru, this is just how she talks and feels about life. But with a normal enough girl like Yukari, this is almost a declaration. She can\'92t read into it too much, she can only take it at face value.\
But then Yukari\'92s thoughts turn dark. She remembers a time she did read into Mitsuru too much, did take a step forward too quickly, and then between Yukari and Mitsuru there was only embarrassment and tension that didn\'92t need to exist.\
She feels green in the face and abdomen. Ugh.\
And Yukari\'92s mental state escalates farther, farther down...\
A cadence bubbles up to the front of her sight, the one she had pushed down under: Minako Arisato.\
She remembers the night her and Mitsuru had their interaction, and after she had come running, crying to Minako and the awkwardness and embarrassment of it all, the enjoyment of the moment and the realization after, the constant questioning of her identity after that moment: was she no longer 
\f1\i normal
\f0\i0 ? What did normal even mean? What if Mitsuru told people, and she became one of 
\f1\i them
\f0\i0 ?\
Yukari feels greener, chartreuse. Lime, military, forest. Minako is no longer here to talk to, to confide in, to hug and laugh with, to be conventionally feminine with and fawn over others with, to joke about. She is gone, Mitsuru\'92s father is gone, Shinjiro is gone, everyone is dying and there is nothing she or even Mitsuru Kirjo\'92s power and status can do about it.\
Mitsuru: Yukari? Was that too much?\
In the middle of the class, Yukari stands up, gathers her things, and leaves class to go and calm down alone in her apartment.}