{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform1{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 A few days have passed since Yukari\'92s departure from class. She\'92s been okay, but she has been unable to message Mitsuru. She fears another break in a way similar to the one that happened, and she really needs to focus on work. She isn\'92t close to dropping out, but she promised to become a better and more devoted student once Minako passed. She promised it to herself, to Minako, to SEES.\
And so, in this moment, Yukari is distracted from her anxieties of life because she is doing what comes most naturally to her: acting, and then because of her role, using her bow. She is an actress on the show, Phoenix Ranger Featherman. Does she hope to use this job as a stepping stone to somewhere more powerful and prominent later in heer career? Honestly, Yukari doesn\'92t even think about things in that way. She just wants to keep existing and to keep being herself, if she happens upon a more spectacular role somehow, that would be cool, but she has never been one to reach for the success of the masses, she just wants to be a good influence to the kids who watch her as her character: Pink Argus.\
Yukari feels herself move from pick to pick, in time with the camera following her, she must be out of breath at the right moment, pull her bow at the right moment, shoot the enemy at the right moment, the enemy, not the ally. She is focused, like a housecat on the hunt, her collar of real-time recording rings around her but it doesn\'92t change her accord. She is an a trance, she is right now Pink Argus, she cannot be shaken, there is an obvious enemy, an obvious goal both within and outside the acting, and a target for her arrow to hit.\
\'93Takeba-san,\'94 her focus... it can\'92t break. Whose voice was that? Was it the director\'92s? She keeps looking towards the target.\
\'93Takeba-san, you...\'94 huh? She snaps away, registering the desire of her attention.\
\'93You have a visitor,\'94 It\'92s one of the aids, they\'92ve come onto the set, everyone has shot their attention to the aid. Who is important enough to disrupt this showing?\
\'93Cut!\'94 Says the director, \'93It\'92s break-time. I need a break, at least.\'94\
Yukari pouts. Well, at least the director wasn\'92t too angry. And she had been working for a good while, she had really been in the zone and hadn\'92t noticed the time pass the way it had.\
\'93Here, ma\'92am,\'94 one of the other aides hands Yukari a towel, to clean off after the shoot.\
And so Yukari goes back to her actors\'92 room to look at herself in the mirror and wait for her guest. She looks at herself in the mirror.\
Makeup, not too much, but enough to be conventionally attractive. Not that Yukari isn\'92t that way already, but with this makeup she is presentable on television for all the little children of the world to compare themselves to and then feel dissatisfied with themselves when they don\'92t match her beauty. At least in the show she isn\'92t trying to pass as a younger person than she is, that would really force the kids to hate themselves for not looking post-pubic at age 12.}