{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 It had been a long and lovely day at the beach. The two young women had spent hours there, under Mitsuru\'92s gigantic umbrella, sharing beers lazily and napping together. Very calm, little stress... exactly what both of them needed: a break from reality.\
Now, the two women sit in Mitsuru\'92s industrial and expensive car, listening to music from each of their tastes.\
\'93Yeah, well, I\'92ve been a fan of Kate Bush since college,\'94 says Mitsuru as she gestures to the glove compartment passively while keeping her eyes on the road, \'93In there, her and Prokofiev.\'94\
\'93Eclectic and suitably pretentious,\'94 mocks Yukari from the passenger seat, not directly looking at her. \'93I think I\'92ll make the executive decision on what to play from my own tastes. We\'92re going Gaga,\'94 she smirks, \'93And then Brittany.\'94\
Mitsuru chuckles, \'93the aux is yours to do with as you please, Yukari.\'94\
Yukari doesn\'92t blush the way she had before, but warmth spreads through her chest when she hears her name in Mitsuru\'92s dark voice.\
And so the two women listen to Gaga and Brittany and Madonna and other blonde, small popstars for a few half-hours. But eventually they get tired of driving and Mitsuru says, \'93I need a break,\'94 when they come across a small alcove they can get off at and stretch their legs at and observe their surroundings at.\
\'93It\'92s cute, this view,\'94 says Yukari as she stretches her arms above her head, her one hand in the other and her upper arms hugged tight against her ears.\
The two stare out at a mountainous sight, Mitsuru nods, and then she goes to open the trunk of the expensive industrial car.\
\'93Want a seltzer?\'94 She says to the other woman, \'93We have other snacks, some cheese and bread, wine...\'94\
\'93After it took half a day to sober up? And we couldn\'92t drive, could we?\'94 teases Yukari, her eyebrow also raised, as she stalks over next to Mitsuru with her hands on her hips, \'93we\'92d just be trapped here, in this alcove...\'94 and then she blushes, \'93hmm.\'94 She can\'92t finish her thought out loud. In her head she thinks, 
\f1\i why, there\'92s no place i\'92d rather be. No time in the world i\'92d rather be spending than with Mitsuru Kirijo the empress, in the back of her giant car, in a beautiful mountainous area, completely alone.
\f0\i0 \
But Yukari\'92s reality doesn\'92t match this, instead she\'92s nervously staring at her hands she has since removed from her hips as she watches Mitsuru Kirijo rifle through the  food in the back of her gigantic, industrial car.\
\'93I need to stretch out,\'94 says Mitsuru. Yukari takes Mitsuru\'92s place among the bags and then sits on the ledge of the back of the car with the trunk open to the world. They are on a highway-like road. Few people putter along in their cars, fewer notice the two women tucked away upon the alcove.\
Mitsuru stretches her body, she salutes the sun and then goes into warrior pose. Yukari watches the arc of Mitsuru\'92s back guide the rest of her body, from her tailbone to the base of her head she stretches in practiced, calming motion. The field of grass inhabiting the alcove frames Mitsuru\'92s exercise and she looks like a ruminating ancient warrior, bathing in the sun as she prepares to move onward with a journey.\
In Mitsuru\'92s hand, though, is the bottle of wine from the car. Yukari had not noticed this until this moment, because in this moment Mitsuru stops moving and stretching her body. Yukari had seen the bottle as an extension of Mitsuru\'92s practice. Mitsuru opens the bottle, brings it to her lips, and then quickly takes a swig from it.\
\'93Hey! What are you doing?\'94 Asks Yukari from her back ledge on the car.\
\'93It\'92s break time.\'94\
\'93So am I driving the rest back?\'94\
\'93Yeah, I guess so,\'94 says Mitsuru, slightly with a snicker and then she turns around to Yukari and says, \'93unless you want some as well?\'94\
\'93How could we get back?\'94 Yukari frowns.\
\'93We could...\'94 Mitsuru looks to the ground as she brings the wine bottle back to her lips, \'93we could camp out, maybe.\'94\
Yukari had done stuff like this before, with Junpei and Minako. She had hitched a car and driven out to some field somewhere, brought snacks, got wasted, told them about herself and they told her about themselves. But never had she imagined being close enough or comfortable enough with Mitsuru Kirijo to do something like this with her. It felt too groupie, too teen-age for such a pompous individual. But Yukari was willing to look past the expectation she held. And even more so she wanted to get drunk with the woman, a deep, loosening drunk, she wanted Mitsuru\'92s secrets to bubble and froth in Yukari\'92s ears, to get to know her, to get closer and closer, until maybe....\
Yukari turns into the trunk of the car and says, while cracking a beer off the 6 pack, \'93yeah let\'92s do it.\'94\
So the two start, Mitsuru with her wine bottle and Yukari on her first drink of the night. At some point, Mitsuru goes into the trunk and brings a big blanket out for the two of them to rest on while looking up at the sky. She gets a tent from the back as well and says, \'93I promise, I wasn\'92t planning this. I just tend to be prepared.\'94\
Yukari is now sitting on the blanket, sipping lightly, she says, \'93hah! I believe it.\'94\
Mitsuru comes to join her on the blanket after setting up the tent and says, \'93Yeah, if I\'92m prepared for anything, if I can live through the end of times and premature loss, I can keep going for as long as I\'92m needed.\'94\
\'93Well gosh Mitsuru,\'94 responds Yukari with her eyebrow raised, \'93I don\'92t know, you refer to yourself in such a utilitarian way,\'94 she swirls her beer in her hand, \'93don\'92t you want to exist just for yourself?\'94\
\
The two of them are now laying down together on the blanket, neither noticing who had lied down first. It was just the way they were together now, laying facing up together, looking at the canopy of stars, multiple drinks down.\
Yukari\'92s face spreads a hot blush of inebriation. A haze of smile joins the blush. Her arms are splayed above her head, her back and feet are normaled to the ground beneath as her knees are bent and bobbing into one another.\
In comparison, Mitsuru is completely flat to the ground. A sweater she\'92d been wearing earlier is balled up behind under head. Her arms are  at her sides, centered.\
Neither surpasses the sobriety of the other.\
\'93Yeah, I don\'92t even, even know how I feel, feel about...\'94 Mitsuru is talking about something. As Mitsuru continues trying to and failing to talk at her usual ridiculously massive brain capacity, Yukari doesn\'92t hear her, she is focused elsewhere. Slowly, Yukari\'92s arm moves away from its previous place framing her head. Inches, she inches it down slowly but with purpose, her elbow leading her hand. And then lighting jolts from her fingers through her arm through her stomach and into her heart as her hand touches the other woman\'92s. Mitsuru tenses.\
Yukari can feel her heartbeat in her throat. A livid beat. \
\'93I-\'93 Yukari tries to say something but can\'92t, she needs to apologize but can\'92t find the words or even think at all or move.\
But before Yukari can end the moment, Mitsuru quickly clasps Yukari\'92s reaching hand in its entirety. \
Yukari feels her body burn and arms go limp.\
\'93Oh,\'94 murmurs Yukari.\
There is silence, Yukari can\'92t speak. She can\'92t tell at all what is racing through Mitsuru\'92s head. Her eyes start tearing.\
Mitsuru starts rubbing small circles with her thumb on Yukari\'92s hand. Gently, quietly. A bursting in Yukari\'92s chest. The circles are perpetual, firm. The moment lasts.\
\'93Mitsuru...\'94 Yukari begins.\
\'93Yes, Yukari?\'94\
\'93Can I... right now can I, can I hug you...\'94 she can barely get the words out.\
\'93Please, oh my god.\'94\
Yukari brings herself to the older woman\'92s side across the blanket, the two are still splayed under the stars for God to see.\
Mitsuru welcomes her with open arms, Yukari brings her head against Mitsuru\'92s chest. Her breasts act as a welcome pillow for the shaking woman. She can hear Mitsuru\'92s heartbeat, it isn\'92t racing, it\'92s content similarly to the pace of the circling of her hands. They are both lying now, Yukari on her side, Mitsuru in her similar initial position but with an arm across Yukari.\
\'93Yukari,\'94 Mitsuru begins, \'93I\'92m going to, I\'92m going to say this again in the morning, but I,\'94 she mentally prepares and then releases, \'93think I, I\'92ve fallen for you.\'94\
Yukari\'92s mind is blank and racing simultaneously. Her hands grasp at folds in Mitsuru\'92s blouse, her knuckles whitening. The only thing she can do is squeeze Mitsuru closer to her, harder, to try and become one with the other woman.\
\'93I want... to fall asleep... like this,\'94 she murmurs haphazardly into Mitsuru\'92s body.\
\'93Maybe let\'92s, let\'92s move into the tent, just in, in case it, it rains,\'94 responds Mitsuru, just as inebriated.\
So the two young woman stand together and their posture changes from clutching one another to holding hands. They with great trouble attempt to enter the tent and close it. Quickly they fall asleep in one another\'92s arms.\
\
The next morning Yukari wakes up in the tent, cuddled against Mitsuru, with a massive headache.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 Fuck.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 She quietly gets up, gently moves Mitsuru\'92s arm off of her, heavier than she thought it would be, unzips the tent, and closes it.\
She can feel dark circles under her eyes. She goes to the car to rummage for water.\
She gets a bottle from one of the bags, closes the trunk, and sits against the driver door of the car, her legs against her chest. She looks out onto the highway and watches cars pass as she gently drinks from the bottle. Fewer cars pass than in the afternoon.\
}